Doc/#1209 - #1250 - Add documentation page for each application and page template (#1263)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tp_templates/index.md

> To simplify the process of starting a new Taipy application, Taipy offers a set of templates that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the process of starting to enjoy Taipy, we offers a set of application templates that
```

> To simplify the process of starting a new Taipy application, Taipy offers a set of templates that
> provides a comfortable developer-friendly environment through the `create` command.
> 
> With Taipy application templates, you can easily initiate a new Taipy application as a starting
> point for your project with best practices for code organization. Available application templates:
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Default application template](applications/default_app.md),
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Scenario management application template](applications/sdm_app.md),
> 
> Taipy also provides page templates, which can be used to create new pages on top of the existing
> application. Once generated, the pages can be easily customized and plugged into the application.
> 
> !!! note "Available in Taipy Enterprise edition"
> 
>     The page templates are only available in the [Taipy Enterprise Edition](https://taipy.io/enterprise).
> 
>     [Contact us](https://taipy.io/book-a-call){: .tp-btn .tp-btn--accent target='blank' }
> 
> Available page templates:
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Default page template](pages/default_page.md),
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Root page template](pages/root_page.md),
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Data management page template](pages/data_management_page.md),
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Scenario management page template](pages/sdm_page.md),
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Job management page template](pages/job_management_page.md),
> 
> [:material-arrow-right: Login page template](pages/login_page.md),

Reviewer 2: I propose to have an index page similar to tutorials and gallery.

```suggestion
To avoid spending too much time and effort creating an application, in particular at
the beginning of a project, Taipy offers a set of templates that provides a
comfortable developer-friendly environment through the `create` command.

It significantly reduces the time-to-market, increases developer efficiency, and enforces
Taipy good practices.

<!-- Quick accesses -->
<div class="tp-row tp-row--gutter-sm">
  <div class="tp-col-12 tp-col-md-4 d-flex">
    <a class="tp-content-card tp-content-card--primary" href="#application-templates">
      <header class="tp-content-card-header">
        <img class="tp-content-card-icon--small" src="img/visualize.svg">
        <h3>Application templates</h3>
      </header>
      <div class="tp-content-card-body">
        <p>
          Initiate a new Taipy application as a starting point for your project.
        </p>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>

  <div class="tp-col-12 tp-col-md-4 d-flex">
    <a class="tp-content-card tp-content-card--alpha" href="#page-templates">
      <header class="tp-content-card-header">
        <img class="tp-content-card-icon--small" src="img/visualize.svg">
        <h3>Page templates</h3>
      </header>
      <div class="tp-content-card-body">
        <p>
          Creates new pages on top of existing applications.
        </p>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

# Application templates

With Taipy application templates, you can easily initiate a new Taipy application as a starting
point for your project with best practices for code organization. Available application templates:

[:material-arrow-right: Default application template](applications/default_app.md),

[:material-arrow-right: Scenario management application template](applications/sdm_app.md),

# Page templates

Taipy also provides page templates, which can be used to create new pages on top of the existing
application. Once generated, the pages can be easily customized and plugged into the application.

!!! note "Available in Taipy Enterprise edition"

    The page templates are only available in the [Taipy Enterprise Edition](https://taipy.io/enterprise).

    [Contact us](https://taipy.io/book-a-call){: .tp-btn .tp-btn--accent target='blank' }

Available page templates:

[:material-arrow-right: Default page template](pages/default_page.md),

[:material-arrow-right: Root page template](pages/root_page.md),

[:material-arrow-right: Data management page template](pages/data_management_page.md),

[:material-arrow-right: Scenario management page template](pages/sdm_page.md),

[:material-arrow-right: Job management page template](pages/job_management_page.md),

[:material-arrow-right: Login page template](pages/login_page.md),
```
